[Docs] Bringing the landing page updates from dev branch to the release branch. (#5136)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: README.md

[![Example Scene](Documentation/Images/MRTK_Examples.png)](Documentation/README_HandInteractionExamples.md)

# Sample App

> [Periodic Table of the Elements](https://github.com/Microsoft/MRDL_Unity_PeriodicTable) is an open-source sample app which demonstrates how to use Mixed Reality Toolkit(MRTK)'s input system and building blocks to create an app experience for HoloLens and Immersive headsets. Read the porting story: [Bringing the Periodic Table of the Elements app to HoloLens 2 with MRTK v2](https://medium.com/@dongyoonpark/bringing-the-periodic-table-of-the-elements-app-to-hololens-2-with-mrtk-v2-a6e3d8362158)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Periodic Table of the Elements](https://github.com/Microsoft/MRDL_Unity_PeriodicTable) is an open-source sample app which demonstrates how to use MRTK's input system and building blocks to create an app experience for HoloLens and Immersive headsets. Read the porting story: [Bringing the Periodic Table of the Elements app to HoloLens 2 with MRTK v2](https://medium.com/@dongyoonpark/bringing-the-periodic-table-of-the-elements-app-to-hololens-2-with-mrtk-v2-a6e3d8362158)
```

Reviewer: if only because we've already defined it above and used the abbreviation
